TF-14957 Add Team Tokens Index API (#667)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/teams.mdx

- [Teams API](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/teams) to list, create, update, and delete teams
- [Team Members API](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/team-members) to add and delete users from teams

> - [Team Tokens API](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/team-tokens) to list, generate, and delete tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Team Tokens API](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/team-tokens) to generate and delete tokens and list an organization's team tokens
```

Reviewer: Reopening because I think we need to separate `generate` and `delete` from `list` because the scope is different here, let me know if you disagree!

- [Teams API](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/teams) to list, create, update, and delete teams
- [Team Members API](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/team-members) to add and delete users from teams
- [Team Tokens API](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/team-tokens) to generate and delete tokens

> - [Organization Team Tokens API](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/organization-team-tokens) to list tokens

Reviewer: I don't think we need to mention this endpoint here because it doesn't actively _manage_ a team (though it'd definitely help you understand it better! but that's not what we are listing here)
```suggestion
```

### API Tokens

> Each team can have an API token that is not associated with a specific user. You can manage this API token from the API tokens page, in the team token tab, where tokens can be created, regenerated and deleted. Refer to [Team API Tokens](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/api-tokens#team-api-tokens) for details.

Reviewer: Suggestions for active voice and specifying where the API tokens page is:
```suggestion
Each team can have an API token that is not associated with a specific user. You can manage a team's API token from the **Organization settings > API Tokens > Team Token** page. On the API token page you can create, regenerate, and delete team tokens. Refer to [Team API Tokens](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/api-tokens#team-api-tokens) for details.
```
